# Balanced Scorecard and Business Intelligence

FinRobot in an open-source AI agent platform for financial analysis using LLMs. iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS. PIXIU project is designed to support the development, fine-tuning, and evaluation of Large Language Models (LLMs) in the financial domain. Machine learning for General Ledger provide a complete Data Science framework for Finance Data Analytics. Bigcapital is financial accounting with intelligent reporting. Eclipse BIRT. bambooBSC is an opensource Balanced Scorecard (BSC) Business Intelligence (BI) Web platform. Knowage is the open source suite for modern business analytics. ELKI is an open source data mining software. Metabase is an open-source business intelligence (BI). Doma is a database access framework for Java. Orienteer is Business Application Platform. OpenProject is the leading open source project management software. Plane is the modern PMP. Mattermost is an open source platform for secure collaboration across the entire software development lifecycle. Apache HertzBeat is an AI-powered next-generation open source real-time observability system. Apache Fineract is an open-source core banking platform. Bonita empowers organizations with cutting-edge BPA. Apache OFBiz is an open-source product for business process automation. Apache Seata is a distributed transaction solution. Apache Superset is a modern data exploration and visualization platform. Trino is a fast distributed SQL query engine for big data analytics. Apache Submarine is an End-to-End Machine Learning Platform. Apache Airflow is a scalable, dynamic and extensible platform to monitor workflows. OpenQMS.net is a lightweight, scalable and cloud-native Quality Management System (QMS). Ghostfolio is a wealth management software. Lago is an open source metering & usage-based billing. Serenity BDD is a test automation library. Instancio is a Java library that automatically creates and populates objects for your unit tests.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

